the comrade my intention again
we left the wing bestbuy
and we already bought our graphic card
It was not the one I asked for, it was not the one I
wanted to
but we get more or less
although I did not get what I wanted a
super person because it was not compatible
with the card
but we get is what it's called
Tex tex giffords and 250 sentences of
more games
these recent lords and after
a superstition
that almost the human parts of samuel do not
have him now, we are already on our way
to home
and let's go to more
well I do not see any care you're going to
crash someone
you arrive at the house
we have made good that we already have it
we also have
Internal external hardware of 2 GB
but the 22 and 20 to fill it 1 for
gaming and 1 for my bag that's why not for
video for non-stop video games and one
it seems my personal use three videos
family parties
Well, I do not think I'm going to go up but maybe
yes
Let's enjoy Alexis at night
dinners is the same but with lights now and
more expensive because they all come out
and until the click the helipad there what
great is
best
I hope you look
everything that is not very big because
tips gentlemen
then then the computer and have
an i7 processor with that wake tells me
it was going to be much faster
we're going to put the 16 of ram but
you said the processor is much better
that the one that has right now
that because processors that is the same
family 7 not only that has
I remember the amount but it is more
much better than what will remain as a
card did not have
the specifications of which we are
Arming but already says goodbye we're going
until next time
the cities